.. This is the text for the "About" page at https://phpc.social/about/more.

Welcome
-------

Welcome to the PHP community on Mastodon! We provide a place for PHP
programmers & friends to discuss topics related to the PHP programming
language, frameworks, packages, tools, open source, tech, life, and
more. First and foremost, we're about building community, and that
doesn't always involve technical discussion, so feel free to go
off-topic and have fun.

Who's Behind This?
------------------

phpc.social is a `PHP Commmunity Foundation <https://phpcommunity.org>`_
project. PHP Community Foundation created phpc.social for the public
benefit of the PHP community.

How Can I Help?
---------------

Thank you for your willingness to help! We appreciate it. Here are some
areas we could use your help:

- Contribute financially by donating through the `phpc.social Open Collective
  project <https://opencollective.com/phpcommunity/projects/phpc-social>`_.

- Volunteer as a moderator—get to know our community first! A moderator
  is a position of trust, so we need to know you're legit and planning to
  stick around.

- Server administration—our servers are currently hosted with `Masto.host
  <https://masto.host>`_, so we're not in need of help right now, but
  we'll let you know if that changes.

Code of Conduct
---------------

   *If you believe anyone is in physical danger or doing something that
   is against the law, please notify appropriate emergency services
   first by calling the relevant local authorities.*

The following guidelines are not a legal document, and final
interpretation is up to the administration of phpc.social; they are here
to provide you with an insight into our content moderation policies:

#. The following types of content will be removed from the public
   timeline:

   a. Excessive advertising
   b. Flooding the public timeline with excessive automated posts
   c. Uncurated news bots posting from third-party news sources
   d. Untagged nudity, pornography, and sexually explicit content,
      including artistic depictions
   e. Untagged gore and extremely graphic violence, including artistic
      depictions

#. The following types of content will be removed from the public
   timeline, and may result in account suspension and revocation of
   access to the service:

   a. Racism or advocation of racism
   b. Sexism or advocation of sexism
   c. Discrimination against gender and sexual minorities, or advocation
      thereof
   d. Xenophobic and/or violent nationalism

#. The following types of content are explicitly disallowed and will
   result in revocation of access to the service:

   a. Sexual depictions of children
   b. Content illegal in Germany and/or France, such as holocaust denial
      or Nazi symbolism
   c. Conduct promoting the ideology of National Socialism

#. Any conduct intended to stalk or harass other users, or to impede
   other users from utilizing the service, or to degrade the performance
   of the service, or to harass other users, or to incite other users to
   perform any of the aforementioned actions, is also disallowed, and
   subject to punishment up to and including revocation of access to the
   service. This includes, but is not limited to, the following
   behaviors:

   a. Continuing to engage in conversation with a user that has
      specifically requested for said engagement with that user to cease
      and desist, regardless of platform-specific privacy tools employed
   b. Aggregating, posting, and/or disseminating a person's demographic,
      personal, or private data without express permission (informally
      called doxing or dropping dox)
   c. Inciting users to engage another user in continued interaction or
      discussion after a user has requested for said engagement with
      that user to cease and desist (informally called brigading or
      dogpiling)

These provisions notwithstanding, the administration of the service
reserves the right to revoke any user's access permissions, at any time,
for any reason, except as limited by law.

Reporting Harassment
--------------------

To report harassment, click the three vertical dots (⋮) on a user's
profile and select "Report @user." For urgent concerns, you may contact
us at hello@phpcommunity.org.

Policies
--------

Your continued used of `phpc.social <https://phpc.social>`__ implies
your agreement to our policies. If you disagree with our policies,
please discontinue use of our services.

We fully subscribe to and comply with the `Mastodon Server
Covenant <https://joinmastodon.org/covenant>`__. A number of instance
blocks are implemented to comply with the principles of the covenant and
to prevent our users from being exposed to content that does not comply
with our instance rules.
